Industrial robots require FIVE major components:

- Driver - BASIC
- Controller - BASIC
- Arm - BASIC
- End effector
- Sensors

Drive
Can be electrical, pneumatic or hydracilc. Hyrauilc is the most powful and fastest, followed by electric and pneumatic

Controller
Has a microprocessor, sends and receives signals from devices. It interprets the user written porgram

Arm
It moves the end effector into place. Three major operating components: 
- Motors
- Encoders
- Harmonic drives (gear thingy)

End Effector
Also called End of Arm Tooling and End of Arm device. Gripper, welder, riveting gun, drill, pnematic tip, paint gun, etc are all examples of possible effectors.

Sensors (encoders)
We're not talking about the usual sensors used in our projects, but rather the sensors on the (servo?) motors on the robot. They send back information to the controller to let it know the position and speed

Types of robots

Cylindrical
Two linar axis (up and side to side)
One rotary axis (spinning in a circle basically)

It's nice and compact


Spherical
One Liner axis (up and down)
Two rotary axes (pretty much anywhere)

Used for welding and handling

Castesian
Three linar axis, X, Y, Z

Can do nearly anything if you set it up right. Don't buy 3-axis if you only need 2

Joinsted Arm Robots (Articulated) - CRS

Three rotary axis

Great for welding and assembly. Can be a massive pain to program though

SCARA - Selective Compliance Assembly Robot Arm

It's a articulated + cylindrical combo. Often seen in electronic assembly. Much faster than articulated and more expensive than castesian.

Degrees of freedom = number of axes. To count as a "robot" it needs o have at least 3 degrees of freedom in the arm. If there's more than that, it's usually referring to how flexiable the wrist is.

For information, look at:
People who made/work on the equipment
Internet
Company contacts
Manuals

User's Manual often contains:
Safety, e-stops, reset and recovery
Model # and maker
Tech specs of arm, controller, teach pendan and other stuff
Setup information
Mainenance
Troubleshooting
I/O and wiring diagrams

Programming manual probably contains: 
Langauge
Instructions
Syntax

SAFETY!

Visual inspection before startup
Get rid of clutter and debris
Remove any jewelry
Do not wear loose clothing that can get caught
Do not EVER ENTER THE WORKING RADIUS while it's operating
No play fighting with others or the robot (stuff is expensive, don't break it)
No pushing/shoving/horseplay
.....Do not use for surgery (apparently this is really in a few manuals)
No food or water near the machine

Preventative Maintenance
Check for loose bolts (Lockheed dropped one of NASA's satellite)
Move stuff that's in the working radius
Check for damaged/loose cables
Make sure the controller is on
Check the motor or arm power 
Listen/check for fans
Listen for noises from controller or arm
Feel for any unusal vibrations that may be coming off the arm

PHYSICAL SAFETY DEVICES

Light curtains
You got a transmitter and receiver
Breaks the intrared beam if you block the light. We already covered these in DC/AC motors

Safety Interlocks

Often they enclose robots. Normally closed contacts placed on all the access points, and in series. If any are open, the robot will shut down

Pressure-sensitive mats
Name describes itself. Can be used to detect falling items as well`

